README.md, before:

About
=====

This module provides a CLI tool for rough approximations according to a catalog
of prescribed growth rates.

The tool currently features most well-known [classes of growth rates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_complexity#Table_of_common_time_complexities)
and works by fitting each generic growth rate function to the given data.

Its primary use case is [estimating time or space growth rates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Analysis_of_algorithms#Growth_rate_analysis_of_other_resources) of various
algorithms, but it can also be used on data coming from physical measurements.

Note: The computed matches only give an approximation, which depending on the number of data points and the noise in the
data might be completely different from the actual growth rate(that would be determined through [more rigorous analysis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Analysis_of_algorithms)).

Install
=======

To install from pypi:

    pip3 install --user matchgrowth

Usage
=====

The CLI tool expects to be passed through `--infile` a CSV file, and through `--col1` and `--col2` two column names
present inside the CSV file. Currently the CSV file needs to have headers for all columns.

The `--top` parameter allows to limit the number of matched growth rates reported.

The `--outfile` parameter is optional and allows to write the generated plot to a PNG file on disk.
If the `--outfile` parameter is not passed, the default GUI from matplotlib will be used to display the plot.

    usage: match-growth.py [-h] --infile INFILE [--outfile OUTFILE] --col1 COL1
                           --col2 COL2 [--top TOP]

    Tool for estimating growth rates

    optional arguments:
      -h, --help         show this help message and exit
      --infile INFILE    CSV input file with measurements
      --outfile OUTFILE  PNG file to write the plot to
      --col1 COL1        data column 1 from the CSV
      --col2 COL2        data column 2 from the CSV
      --top TOP          only print top N closest growth rates

Example usage:

    match-growth.py --infile ./tests/modif7_bench.txt --outfile r1.png --col1 N --col2 memory --top 2

In this example we're estimating the closest growth rate for an algorithm that has a single input `N` and for which we've
already recorded the memory usage for different values of `N`.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wsdookadr/matchgrowth/master/example.png" alt="drawing" style="width:200px;"/>

Support
==================

For questions or requests for paid support, please send an e-mail to business@garage-coding.com

Commit message:

added bounds for each growth rate, added multiple switches, improved default growth rate catalog

README.md, after:

About
=====

This module provides a CLI tool for rough approximations according to a catalog
of prescribed growth rates.

The tool currently features most well-known [classes of growth rates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_complexity#Table_of_common_time_complexities)
and works by fitting each generic growth rate function to the given data.

Its primary use case is [estimating time or space growth rates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Analysis_of_algorithms#Growth_rate_analysis_of_other_resources) of various
algorithms, but it can also be used on data coming from physical measurements.

Install
=======

To install from pypi:

    pip3 install --user matchgrowth

Usage
=====

The CLI tool expects `--infile` with a valid CSV file path, and `--col1` and `--col2` each with a column name
present in the CSV file. Currently the CSV file needs to have headers for all columns, in the first row.

The `--top` parameter allows to limit the number of matched growth rates reported.

The `--outfile` parameter is optional and allows to write the generated plot to a PNG file on disk.
If the `--outfile` parameter is not passed, the default GUI from matplotlib will be used to display the plot.

    usage: match-growth.py [-h] --infile INFILE [--outfile OUTFILE] --col1 COL1
                           --col2 COL2 [--top TOP] [--catalog CATALOG] [--debug]
                           [--plot PLOT_TYPE]

    Tool for estimating growth rates

    optional arguments:
      -h, --help         show this help message and exit
      --infile INFILE    CSV input file with measurements
      --outfile OUTFILE  PNG file to write the plot to
      --col1 COL1        data column 1 from the CSV
      --col2 COL2        data column 2 from the CSV
      --top TOP          only print top N closest growth rates
      --catalog CATALOG  select the function catalog to use
      --debug            enable debug mode
      --plot PLOT_TYPE   plot type (normal|loglog)

Example usage:

    match-growth.py --infile ./tests/modif7_bench.txt --outfile r1.png --col1 N --col2 memory --top 2

In this example we're estimating the closest growth rate for an algorithm that has a single input `N` and for which we've
already recorded the memory usage for different values of `N`.

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wsdookadr/matchgrowth/master/example.png" alt="drawing" style="width:200px;"/>

Support
==================

For questions or requests for paid support, please send an e-mail to business@garage-coding.com
